---
layout: page
---

#### Introduction | About the Course<br>

When I started to develop web sites, I always had this curiosity to find out how to be self-sufficient by serving my sites on the web. For every project I developed, I had to purchase a "domain" and then "hosting" space for that domain, in this case, the website. That comes with a cost and the cost is not getting any cheaper! Sure, most of us are trying to figure out how to make money on the internet. To make money is going to cost up front money, everybody knows. The point is coming in proportions. The more knowledge you have, the less money you're going to expend to have your product or service visible to your market. My background is technical spreading from conception to developing entire projects on the web. I used to work for advertising agencies in the past and we all learned that everything starts on the conceptual level and goes in phases until finishing the product or presentation. The structure of development is methodical and one cannot do one thing without finishing the previous stage. One can divide the work according to other people's skill but everything must come together at some point. So, that goes for web dev. That is exactly what I am doing now developing this project. For those interested to know the methodology, here is some for you:<br>

1. Conceptual phase - Idea Drafting, Writing, Sketches and Designing

2. Research and Legal issues - Finding and comparing the "What will work best".

3. Accounting and Budgeting - Predicting Costs

4. Starting the development of the Project

5. Coding, Branding and Design

6. Alpha testing (If Approved...)

7. Presentation of Assets

8. Live Running

9. Billing

10. Follow up and upgrading

- first draft

